Do you finally remember who I am?
Yes.
Your son shoplifted
from my store.
We shouldn't let him manipulate us
any further.
What is he demanding?
The victim is Hideyuki Sakuma,
40 years old.
The bullet extracted from the body
was fired from the gun that belonged
to Keisuke's father.
I did it.
Where's the gun?
On the day of the wake,
after we dug up the time capsule,
I buried it back in there.
Your jacket button?
It's missing. It’s the jacket
I was wearing when I met Sakuma.
The police came.
I have something I'd like to ask you.
Would you mind coming
to the police station?
Makiko's alibi fell apart.
I need a little more time.
I want to re-examine
the incident that happened 23 years ago.
The person who killed Oshima…
was me.
I can't imagine how Junichi must have felt
after shooting someone.
How did you cope with it?
I don't think I deserve to be happy.
I was scared of people finding out
who I really was.
Did Naoto really do it?
I feel like Naoto is covering for Makiko.
Why Maki?
I'm supposed to protect you, Maki.
Does Makiko have the gun?
Did Makiko
shoot Hideyuki Sakuma with the gun?
No, I’m the one who did it!
Then what did you mean
when you just said
that you’re going to protect Maki?
Tell me what happened.
So I shot my brother…
You’re covering for Makiko, aren’t you?
It’s fine because this is
what I want to do.
And Maki understands too.
What do you mean?
Naoto. Naoto.
Naoto!
There are things that you
and Keisuke don't know.
There are some things
that only Maki and I know.
What…
Oh hey.
What brings you here?
I was at Ms. Makiko’s salon.
-Oh, it was today?
-Yeah.
Is Ms. Makiko all right?
She's not at the salon today.
IWAMOTO
Stop rushing me.
Right there.
See, right there!
Take over for me.
I'm counting on you. Don't mess up.
-Hello?
-Has Makiko reached out to you?
Not really. What's the matter?
-Makiko is gone.
-What?
I can’t get in touch with her.
Keisuke, do you have her house key?
Naoto!
Long time no see.
It's been a while.
You're going to a prefectural university?
It makes sense. You were always studious.
And what are you planning to do, Maki?
I want to become a hairstylist.
A hairstylist?
I'm planning on attending
a beauty school next year.
-I think it'll suit you.
-Right?
But to get a recommendation letter,
I need to improve my math grades.
I remember I used to help you
with your math homework.
I forgot about that.
If you’d like, I can help you.
With math?
Yeah, if you’d like.
That would be a big help,
but you have to study
for entrance exams too, right?
How about studying for two hours,
one day a week?
That wouldn't be a problem for me.
Really?
Awesome.
Then can you help me with this part?
I couldn't figure it out.
-This part is difficult.
-Right?
For this, place the minus sign
in parentheses…
Oh I see. The minus sign…
Then I go like this…
I'll go check upstairs.
I think Makiko shot Hideyuki Sakuma,
and Naoto buried the gun.
On the night of the wake,
when the four of us dug up
the time capsule, the gun was not there.
You're saying Naoto buried it after that?
Yeah, that’s what Naoto told me.
So I went to check.
But there was no gun.
What?
If anyone dug it up, it was Makiko.
Junichi.
There’s something I haven’t told you.
Mr. Sakuma…
I mean,
that jerk
wasn't satisfied with just the 300,000 yen
we initially gave him.
Seriously? That's insane.
He made further demands?
Yes.
What was his demand?
That if we didn't do as he said, he'd
report it to Masaki's school the next day.
What is he demanding?
For Makiko to sleep with him.
That's horrible!
If you don't go see him alone tomorrow
at the same time, the deal is off.
He says he’ll return the 300,000 yen,
and immediately contact the school.
Let’s end this.
We should report this to the police.
Wait.
What?
I'll think of a plan.
Plan for what?
Don’t tell me you’ll…
No, I will never do that.
Then what are you going to do?
I’ll pay him more money.
Money?
This is a small town,
so I’ve heard the rumors about him.
They say he's in debt from gambling.
He must be desperate for money.
If you pay money, you'll be paying him
for the rest of your life.
I’ll try negotiating with him
one more time.
No matter how you look at it,
there's no room for negotiation.
Masaki's future is at stake.
Just one more time.
If that doesn't work, I'll give up.
I'll call the police right then and there.
So,
the two of you first met
at a restaurant at eight,
then parted ways.
You went to the hotel,
and she lied
and said she went to the hair salon,
but you don't know where she went.
Then you met again at 10:30.
Yes.
Then we went to the store together
at 11:00 p.m.
SMILE SAKUMA
Okay, I’ll go now.
I think I should go too.
No, you should stay.
Mr. Sakuma?
I'm coming in.
He’s dead.
He was bleeding a lot from his stomach.
What should we do?
Should we call the police?
Let’s leave.
Okay, yeah…
What?
Let’s get out of here.
I said that we should
report it to the police!
But
it's also my fault
for not standing my ground.
Did you see the gun, the murder weapon?
No,
I did not.
This way.
I have to get my things.
The person you have called
cannot answer the phone right now.
Please leave your name
and message after the beep.
Makiko.
Makiko is gone.
Masaki's whereabouts are unknown as well.
Makiko disappeared with Masaki,
and she has the gun with her.
Do you understand what this means?
There’s no way Makiko is fine with you
taking the blame for what she’s done.
Junichi, you wouldn’t understand
how things are
between Maki and me.
Even if you take the blame,
you can't save her from the fact
that she killed someone.
I know that more than anyone.
Plus, Makiko was driven into a corner
because you covered for her.
She was driven into a corner?
Makiko has the gun.
There must be some bullets left.
No way…
Maki would never think of doing
anything like that…
Naoto,
I'm begging you.
I want you to save Makiko.
Please.
I…
lied.
The truth is, I did not kill my brother.
Oh, man…
Why did you lie?
Was it to cover
for Makiko Iwamoto?
Makiko Iwamoto killed Hideyuki Sakuma.
Is that right?
-I don’t know.
-But
you thought Makiko Iwamoto did it.
Why?
That day,
I returned from a business trip overseas.
MAKIKO IWAMOTO
I'm sorry,
I need to talk to you about something.
Masaki shoplifted
at your older brother's supermarket.
I was torn between going to Maki's house
or going to where my brother was.
In the end, I went to my brother's.
When I got there,
the door to his office was open.
And…
Pachinko balls were strewn
all across the ground.
Among the balls,
I found a button identical
to the ones on the jacket that Maki owns.
I’m surprised you were able to tell
that it was a button from her jacket.
It was a jacket
I had bought her as a souvenir
when I went on a trip abroad last year.
A jacket for a souvenir, huh?
Maki was taken aback by it too.
Even more so,
because it was quite expensive.
Maki, I'm sorry for not getting back
to your messages and calls.
I forgot my smartphone
and went on a business trip.
Sorry to bother you when you’re busy.
No, I'm sorry too,
about my brother
causing you trouble.
I'll talk to my brother.
Thank you.
Where are you right now? At home?
No, I’m going to meet Keisuke
at a restaurant now.
Okay.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Naoto.
Yeah?
It'll be all right.
Okay.
Bye.
After that,
I deleted the recorded footage
from my brother's phone
and the store's security camera.
And…
What did you do with the gun?
I didn't throw it in the river.
Where's the gun?
I…
don’t want to say.
Where's the gun?!
Could it be that he hid that gun
in the same place
where the four of you originally
hid that gun 23 years ago?
A place only the four of you know about.
Yes.
Where is the gun?
Sorry.
Tell me where the gun is!
Where's the gun? Where's the damn gun?!
At this time, there's no physical evidence
that proves Makiko Iwamoto is the culprit.
However, based on circumstantial evidence,
it seems highly likely
that she was involved in the crime.
Furthermore, it appears
she has disappeared with her son.
Is it possible
that she currently has the gun?
Yes, it’s highly likely.
Where did she get the gun?
We don’t know yet.
Shift the direction of our investigation.
We will now focus all our efforts
on the investigation of Makiko Iwamoto.
Effective immediately,
Makiko Iwamoto is considered
a key person of interest in this case,
and her apprehension
will be our top priority.
Yes, sir.
We're so high up!
We're going up again!
I'm scared!
Look how high up it goes.
See? It goes up so high.
Let's see, what time was the dolphin show?
I'm so tired.
-What?
-I'm tired.
No way.
You can rest
while watching the dolphin show.
I want to take a break.
Come on, let's watch the show.
Seriously? We did a lot already.
I wanted to see the show.
I don't want to. I'm tired.
I got some nuggets.
-I want the boba drink.
-Here.
I want to eat the nuggets,
but I'm going to the bathroom first.
-What?
-I'll be back.
-You know where the bathroom is?
-Yup.
JUNICHI
Makiko.
I want to see you.
I want to see you right now.
I have to tell you something, Masaki.
What is it?
I
have to go to the police station,
so I might not be able
to see you for a while.
Why?
I did something that will get me arrested,
but I kept quiet about it.
That's why I'm going to turn myself in.
What did you do?
I want to tell you,
but I don’t know how.
I didn't know what to do,
and time just kept passing by…
But I have to take responsibility now.
What I know for sure is that…
What I have done
will end up hurting you.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry, Masaki.
We'll leave you here, Mr. Sakuma.
Thank you.
Take care.
MITSUBA POLICE STATION
Chief! What are you doing?
What are these? Weeds?
They're not weeds. They're pansies.
Move. Move out of my way.
Sorry. Wait, I'll help you out.
Here, I can take this.
-What are you doing?
-Sorry!
-No need to help me.
-It's okay, I can do it.
-Forget it.
-It's okay.
IWAMOTO
Why did that detective
keep quiet about us hiding the gun?
I think it's to solve the case
from 23 years ago.
I don’t understand.
I don’t know what she has planned either,
but I’m sure she has something in mind.
When did Makiko even get her hands
on that gun?
I dug up the time capsule on Friday night.
The gun was no longer there at that time.
I don’t even know when she dug it up,
and I can’t imagine she dug it up
to kill Sakuma either.
I just can't believe
that Makiko dug it up.
Naoto.
No matter how we look at it,
it has to be you.
Yeah,
I dug it up.
When?
During my third year of high school.
Third year of high school? Why?
I wanted to kill my brother.
-What the hell?
-I was serious.
I seriously wanted to kill him,
so I dug it up.
I took the gun
and went to my brother's room.
You’re not going to shoot?
Don’t move.
Give me that gun.
Wow, it’s made so well.
Give it back.
Stop. Stop it!
Is this a real gun?
Help!
How did you even get this?
This is hilarious!
So Hideyuki Sakuma had that gun
ever since that day,
and then Makiko went to Sakuma's place,
and something happened.
I never imagined she'd go there
on her own.
Why didn't I realize
that she might do that?
Why do you think she went by herself?
There's no way she went there
to give in to my brother's demands.
I know she didn't do that either!
Naoto.
What made you want to kill your brother?
As bad as your brother was,
the fact that you wanted to kill him
with a gun,
means something
truly horrible happened, right?
Back then,
if you two were around,
I know you guys would've beaten
my older brother to a pulp.
But you two had moved away.
What happened?
I can’t tell you.
Because I have to protect Maki.
Maki?
MAKIKO
It's from Makiko.
Welcome back.
Hiromi.
I want you to go somewhere with me
right now.
What?
It's regarding Makiko,
but I need you to do me a favor.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
-Masaki.
-Dad.
I'll be here to protect you, Masaki.
What about Mom?
She'll be all right.
We'll be with her.
We'll always be with you and Makiko.
It'll be all right.
We're here to discuss the next step.
Masaki, why don't we hang out
while we wait for them?
Wait for me.
Please look after him.
Okay. Let's go.
I heard about the aquarium.
Let's check it out.
I'm sorry.
I haven't been able to tell the truth
until now.
I'm the one who killed
Sakuma.
Where's the gun right now?
It's in here.
Why are you doing this, Maki?
Sorry, Naoto.
I know you were trying to protect
Masaki and me.
I wish you would've let me.
Thank you.
But
all of this happened because I tried
to hide the shoplifting incident.
So I don't want to make
that same mistake again,
and I can't pretend
that I didn't kill him either.
Why did you go by yourself?
I wanted to end it.
I never
wanted to let Sakuma get his way with me
ever again.
What do you mean?
Okay, then what's "hikigane"?
-Trigger.
-Correct.
Hooray.
Sorry for staying so late.
-See you again next week.
-Yeah.
See you.
-Bye.
Hey.
That impertinent woman
was here again, huh?
I'll be able to sleep well tonight.
Maki, you don't have to say it.
-I--
-Don't say it! It'll only cause you pain.
In the third year of high school,
I was raped by Sakuma.
Maki.
I'm okay.
I fought back and he ran away.
That day,
when I got home, my parents looked at me,
and they immediately realized
what had happened.
And a week later we moved to Yokohama.
My parents and I
tried to pretend it never happened.
It was hard for me to just pretend
like it never happened,
and I struggled for a long time.
But I went to beauty school,
and I realized that it was okay
for me to be happy.
I decided that I was
going to become happy.
It was around that time
when I reunited with Keisuke.
You're Ms. Makiko Iwamoto, right?
What?
Keisuke?
Hey.
After that, there were times when
I found myself laughing with all my heart.
Before I knew it,
I was laughing more often than not.
When we got married and he suggested
we live in Mitsuba,
I was almost taken back in time again,
but I didn't want
to let that incident control my life.
Thanks for waiting.
What brings you guys here?
-You guys are getting married?
-Yeah.
This is for you.
Please come to our wedding.
Congratulations.
-Thank you.
When you came to that house
to deliver the wedding invitation,
I sensed your resolve, Maki.
Then Masaki was born, and I was so happy.
I'm so glad we got married.
That day,
I went to Sakuma's place by myself
because to me,
that was the only option I had.
You're here early.
We're supposed to meet at 11:00.
Should I leave?
You're alone?
Yes.
Come inside.
I thought for sure that damn Kiyohara
would come along too.
Now then…
I'm fine doing it here,
but want to go to a hotel?
What do you want to do?
Give me the data.
What?
You were supposed to give it to us
yesterday in exchange for 300,000 yen.
Stop with that boring stuff.
Give me the data.
Shall we
do it outside after all?
Like we did back then?
Don't touch me!
Fine. I'll give it to you.
I have one million yen here.
Take this and let's--
Don't get cocky with me!
Don't you feel like we're bound by fate?
We
can't escape this fate.
You're as impertinent as ever.
Don't you see that this is
our fateful reunion?
But I find that impertinent attitude
irresistible.
Maki, I'm sorry for not getting back
to your messages and calls.
Sorry to bother you when you’re busy.
No, I'm sorry too…
Of course we're going.
-I'll go too.
-Okay, let's go.
I shot the manager
of Smile Sakuma with a gun.
The gun is inside.
The time is 7:04 p.m.
We're placing you under arrest for murder.
I knew
you'd bring the gun to me.
What do you mean?
We'll finally find out the truth
about what happened 23 years ago.
Detective Tobina,
there's a chance you didn't kill Oshima.
We'll find that out
once we examine this gun.
You retrieved the gun to help Junichi?
FINAL EPISODE
You wanted to free Detective Tobina
from the guilt of murder.
You wished to help him out
that badly, huh?
Calm down, Tobina!
THE SHOCKING CONCLUSION
I was never able to tell you
that I like you, Makiko.
GOODBYE, MY FIRST LOVE
THIS DRAMA IS A FICTION
Subtitle translation by: Lili Morita